112 of 1965. The relevant facts are these. On September 2, 1963, Yashoda, son of Raj Kumar, filed a complaint before the Nyaya Panchayat, Jokha Khas, against Jagdeo, Mahabir and Laxvas case alleging that he had been abused and be laboured and his property worth Rs. 40/ damaged. The case was adjourned to December 25, 1963. On December 13, 1963 a petition was moved in the Court of Shri R.D.M., Deoria, alleging that "writ petition has been admitted and a stay order has been issued. An urgent copy of the order was applied for and obtained on that very day and the counsel sent a telegram in the following words "Allahabad He 20 Baldeopd cashier Trust Sdr G. A. Chari, M. K. Goyal, V. Ramamurthi, Vineet Kumar and Shy The High Court held that "in spite of the knowledge of the interim stay dated 20 12 63 passed by the Hon 'ble High Court the Sarpanch, the Opposite Party No. 1 and the members of the Bench, Opposite Parties Nos. 2 to 5 disobeyed the order of the High Court and disposed of the case on 25 12 63 and thereby committed contempt of court. The main allegation, apart from reciting the facts which we have already detailed above, was that "the Nyaya Panchayat was not satisfied for want of evidence by way of proper affidavit etc." The High Court disbelieved the explanation of the Panchas given before it because no mention of these was made in the order sheet dated December 25, 1963. In the order, it was stated that the Nyaya panchayats were not satisfied with the contents of the application, and affidavit of Mahabir. Phagu Prasad. in his statement, stated "As the paper the application and affidavit was not good, S.K. The learned counsel for the State contends that we should not reappreciate the facts, but, with respects, it seems to us that the High Court, while dealing with the evidence, has not kept in mind the principles which we have mentioned above. Contempt of court is a serious matter and a High Court should be chary of finding a judicial officer guilty of contempt of court for disobeying its orders unless there is unimpeachable evidence that the judicial officer had knowledge