J. V. Raghaviah and R. Ganapathy Iyer, for the respondents. Appeal by special leave from the judgment and decree dated September 2, 1959 of the Madras High Court in Second Appeal No. 801 of 1963. The Judgment of the Court was delivered by Gajendragadkar, C. T. Tatachari, for appellants. The present appeal was brought to this Court by the appellants against four respondents. The properties involved in the suit consist of agricultural lands situated in Eragudi village, Musiri taluk, Tiruchir 125 Mr. Tatachari for the appellants has raised before us an interesting question of law. In dealing with the question of limitation, the learned Judge took the view that the present suit would be governed 124 by Article 134 B of the Indian Limitation Act. This article has been introduced in the said Act by Amending Act 1 of 1929 and came into force on 1 1 1929. It was conceded before the lower appellate Court that the new article was not retrospective in operation and that if the title of the alienees in regard to 'dharmadlayam properties had been acquired by adverse possession prior to 1 1. Article 134 covers suits brought with a view to recover possession of immovable property conveyed or bequeathed in trust or mortgaged and afterwards transferred by the trustee or mortgagee for a valuable consideration. These words used in column 1 of article 134 necessarily raise the question as to whether the head of a math is a trustee within their meaning; and Mr. Justice B. K. Mukherjea on 'Hindu Law of Religious and Charitable Trust ' II Edn. (1962) p. 282. In Gnanasambanda 's case, it was held by the Pri L.A. 97. Column 1 of article 134 B provides for suits brought, inter alia, by the manager of a Hindu religious or charitable endowment to recover possession of immovable property comprised in the endowment which has been transferred by a previous manager for a valuable consideration. The period prescribed for such suits is 12 years, and the time from which the period begins to run is the death, resignation or removal of the transferor. In the words of Sir John Edge, who spoke for the Privy Council in Nainapillai Marakayar and of hers vs Ramanathan Chettiar and Others(5), " in the case " What was said by the Privy Council about the impropriety of including an execution sale within the meaning of article 134B can, with equal justification, be said about introducing words of limitation in the said article which alone can exclude transfers made by the previous manager of the Hindu religious endowment on the basis that the property transferred belonged to (1) L.A.R. 77 I. That Article contains the analogous phrase "transferred by the trustee or mortgagee for a valuable consideration", and there was a uniform current of decision mis to the effect that these words were incapable of applying to an We hold that the alienors had been removed from management of the temple, and other persons have taken up the position