direction shall be made under sub section (1) for the trial of an offence for which an accused person was being tried at the commencement of this Act before any court but, save assaid, such direction may be made in re spect of the offence, whether the offence was committed before the court of special procedure or not, or whether the " Before considering whether section 5(1) infringes, to any and what extent, the constitutional prohibition under article 14, it is necessary to ascertain the true scope and intendment of the impugned provision. As the very object of the Act was to provide for speedier trials by instituting a system of special courts with a simplified and shortened 118 U.S. 356, 369. 295 Texas(1)) Mr. Justice McKenna posed a problem and proceeded to answer it. "It seems like a contradiction to say that a law having equality of operation may yet give equality of protection. Viewed rightly, however, the contradiction disappears. Government is not a simple thing. It encounters and must deal with " These decisions seem, to my mind, to reveal a change of approach marked by an increasing respect for the State 's regulatory power in dealing with equal protection claims and underline the futility of wordy formulation of so called "tests" in solving problems presented by concrete cases. For instance, in Atchison Topeka & Santa Fe " On the contrary, it is to be presumed that a public authority will act honestly and reasonably in the exercise of its statutory powers, and that the State Govern ment in the present case will, before directing a case to be tried by a Special Court, consider whether there are special features and circumstances which might unduly protract its trial under the ordinary procedure The Court should not insist in such cases on what Holmes J. called "delusive exactness" (Truax vs Corrigan, supra). All that the court is expected to see, in dealing with equal protection claims, is whether the law impugned is "palpably discriminatory", and, in considering such a question great weight ought to be I have come to the conclusion that these appeals should be dismissed, and since that is also the conclusion which has been arrived at by several of my col leagues and they have written very full and elaborate judg ments in support of it, I shall only supplement what they have said by stating briefly how I view some of the crucial points arising in the case 1. In the course of the arguments, it was suggested that the Act is open to criticism on two different and distinct grounds, these being , (1) that it involves excessive delegation of legislative authority amounting to its abdication in so far as it gives unfettered discretion to the executive, without laying down any standards or rules of guidance, I had the advantage of reading the judgment prepared by my brother Mukherjea and I am in respectful agreement with his opinion. Section 5 of the West Bengal Special Courts Act is hit by article 14 of the Constitution inasmuch as it mentions no basis for the differential treatment prescribed in the Act for trial of criminals in certain cases and for certain offences. In " They could be told that the law regards persons guilty of offences against the security of the State as a class in themselves. The Code of Criminal Procedure has by the process of classification prescribed different modes of procedure for trial of different of fences. Minor offences can be summarily tried, while for grave and heinous offences an elaborate mode of procedure has been laid Mr. Anwar Ali Sarkar, who is the respondent in Appeal No. 297, along with 49 other persons, were the accused in what is known as Dum Dum Factory Raid case, where crimes of the utmost bru tality were committed by an armed gang of men on the factory of Messrs. S.N. Jessop and Company at Dum The said class shall be referred to in the course of the arguments. The learned Attorney General, appearing in support of the appeal, has put forward his contentions under two dif ferent heads. His first line of argument is that quite apart from the question of classification there has been no infringement of article 14 of the Constitution in the present case. K. Gopalan vs The State of Madras ; (2) Weaver: Constitutional Law, page 407. These decisions, in my opinion, have no bearing on the present case. I am not at all impressed by the argument of the learned Attorney General that to enable the respondents to invoke the protection of article 14 of the Constitution it has got to be 1 with unamble the Calcutta Special Courts Act, the learned Attorney General has made a number of important changes in the Act. One of the most important departures is that the trial by the Special Court is without the aid of jury or assessors. The first line of argu ment adopted by the learned attorney General cannot, there fore, " A point was made by the Attorney General in course of his arguments that the equality rule is not violated simply because a statute confers unregulated discretion on officers or on administrative agencies. We were referred to a number of authorities on this point but I do not think that the authorities really support the proposition of law in the way it is formulated. In the (1) of the West Bengal Special Courts Act is invalid for being in conflict with the equal protection clause, and the question as to how it is actually worked out may not neces sarily be a material fact for consideration. It may be that in making the selection the authorities would exclude from the list of offences other offences of a cognate character in N. The meaning, scope and effect of 334 article 14 of our Constitution have been discussed and laid down by this Court in the case of Chiranjit Lal Chowdhury vs The Union of India and Others (1). Although Sastri J., as he then was, and myself differed from the actual deci sion of the majority of of particular classes of cases, as the impugned Act refers to four sub-classes of offences or cases or classes of offences, which are to be tried by a Special Court or by a special Court of the State. The different sec tions of the Act have been analysed and the important dif ferences have been clearly indicated by the learned The learned Attorney General, on the other hand, argued that the preamble of the Act, for the purpose of which it is recited, is a key to the understanding of it. He first draws our attention to the fact that the Act is inti tned "An Act to provide for the speedier trial of certain offences" and " In order to be a proper classification so as not to offend against the Constitution it must be based on some intelligible differentia which should have a reason able relation to the object of the Act as recited in the preamble. The part of sub section 5(1) which I am now examining confers a power on the State government to make J. CHAND The Constitution of 1950, being opposed to the provisions of article 14 of the Laws of the State of India and the laws of the Union of India, the laws being passed by the Government of India in pursuance of the Constitution, shall be opposed to Article 14. It is not a question of an unconstitutional administration of The points of prejudice against the ac cused which appear in the challenged Act have been pointed out in detail in the judgment of Trevor Harries C.N. vs Pinson(1) "We must remember that the machinery of government could not work if it were not allowed a little play in its joints. Almost every piece of legislation has got a "The principle of equality does not take away from the State the power of classifying persons for legitimate purposes. Every classification is in some degree likely to produce some inequality, and mere production of inequality is not enough. While reasonable classification is permissible, such classification must be based upon some real and substantial distinction bearing a reasonable and just relation to the object sought to be " The case cited in support of this view, Plymouth Coal Co. Co. vs Pennsylvania(1), is really on authority for (1) 46 354 any such position. In that case, the statute provided that it was "obligatory on the owners of adjoining coal proper ties to leave, or cause to be left, a pillar of coal in " Now I yield to none in my insistence that plain unambiguous words in a statute, or in the Constitution, must having regard to the context, be interpreted according to their ordinary meaning and be given full effect. But that predicates a position where the words are plain and unambiguous. I am clear that that is not the case here. We are Par ordi nary reasonable man of law which is no single man but a composite of many men whose reasonableness can be measured and gauged even though he can neither be seen nor heard nor felt? With the utmost respect I cannot see how these vague generalisations serve to clarify the position. To my mind they do not carry us It is not necessary to travel far afield to find out what according to them, had always been the law handed down by custom and tradition, they nevertheless had to draw for their material on a nebulous mass of undefined rules which, though they existed in fact and left a vague awareness in man 's minds, nevertheless were neither clearly definable, nor even Inter Agent. It is not enough that justice should be done. Justice must also be seen to be done and a sense of satisfaction and confidence in it engendered. That cannot be when Ramchandra is tried by one procedure and Sakharam, similarly placed, facing equally serious charges,