the question of law involved in this appeal is whether the purchaser of business carried on by a dealer as defined in the Madras General Sales Tax Act, 1939 (Madras Act No. IX of 1939), hereinafter called the 'Act ', can be made liable for arrears of sales tax due from the dealer in respect of transactions of sale which took place before the, transfer of the business under Rule 21 A of the Rules framed in exercise of the powers conferred on the State Government by section 19 of the Act. The respondent 6 63 denied liability to pay sales tax but his contention was over ruled by the Deputy Commercial Tax Officer. The Division Bench consisting of section Ramachandra Iyer, C. Ganapatia Pillai, J. Ram Reddy and A. R. Rangam, for the appellant. Appeal No. 10 of 1962. This appeal is brought, by special leave, from the judgment of the Division Bench of the Madurai High Court dated September 13, 1963 in Writ Appeal No 696 of 1966. The Judgment of the Court was delivered by Ramaswami, J., and Ramakrishnan, J, in the opinion of the division bench consisting of Ramachandran, C., Ganapathy Iyer and R. V. Ranga Rao, in arguments of the appellant and the respondent. The judgment was delivered in the judgment by the division benches consisting of R. Ramachandan, C, R.V. and Rangarajan, R., in the opinions of the respondent and the appellant, respectively. The question to be answered is whether Section 10 of the Madras General Sales tax (3rd amendment) Act, 1956 (Act No. XV of 1956) read as follows "The tax assessed under this Act shall be paid in such manner and in such instalments, if any, and within such time, as may be specified in the notice of assessment, not being less than fifteen days from the date of service of the notice. In default of such payment, the whole of the then remaining due tax under the Act shall become immediately due and shall be a charge on the properties of the person or persons liable to pay the tax under this act. It was then submitted by Mr. Ram Reddy that Rule 21 A may be supported by the language of section 10(1) of the Act which states "10. Payment and recovery of tax. Section 19(2)(c) deals with the assessment to tax of businesses which are discontinued or the ownership of which has changed. It is true that the word "assessment" in the scheme of sales tax and income tax legislation is a term of varying import. The word is used sometimes to mean the computation of income, sometimes the determination of the amount of tax payable, and sometimes the whole procedure laid down in the Income tax Act for imposing liability on the tax payer. As the Judicial Committee, however, said in Badridas Daga vs C.I.T. Bihar(1), the Federal Court pointed out, relying upon the decision of the House of Lords in (1) , 21 1. (2) , 665 Whitney vs Commissioners of Inland Revenue("), that the liability to tax does not depend upon assessment P.S. It was next argued on behalf of the appellants that upon a true construction of the registered instrument dated October 5, 1956 the respondent undertook to pay not only Sch. I liabilities but also other liabilities like sales tax imposed in regard to the business. We accordingly reject the argument of the appellantants on this aspect of the case and hold that Rule 21 A is ultra vires of the rule making power of the