section V. ivil Appeal No. 325 of 1965. Appeal by special leave from the Award dated September 20, 1963 of the Central Government Industrial Tribunal, Bombay in Reference CG IT 25 of 1962. The Judgment of the Court was delivered by Hidayatullah J. Agarwala, J. B. Dadachanji, O. R. Rajagopalan and K. C. Choudhuri, for the appellants. The respondents to this appeal are the trustees of the Port of Bombay. The appellants are the workmen of the Bombay Port Trust, who are and have been 1. The Union claimed that a 12 hours ' shift should be divided into 8 hours ' work and 4 hours ' overtime as was the case with the Flotilla Crew. This claim was opposed by the Trustees. According to them, there was no breach of the provisions of the . They contended that, regard being had to the number of actual work hours, the case of shore crew at the Prince 's and Victoria Docks and the Butcher Island could not be compared with that of the crew at a Alexandra Docks the same day and that the work hours of the workmen at the Alexandra and Victoria Extra wages for overtime (1) When a worker works in an employment for more than nine hours on any day or of more than forty eight hours in any week, he shall, in respect of overtime work, be entitled to wages, (a) in the case of employment in Agriculture, at one and a half time the ordinary rate of wages; (b) in a case of any other scheduled employment, at double the ordinary standard of wages. (2) A register showing overtime payment shall be kept in form IV. (3) Nothing in this rule shall be deemed to affect the provisions of the ." The controversy Daily 51 "Daily 51 and workers "Daily work shall not be allowed to be more than 12 hours. The Port Trust can say that it will not take more than two hours extra work on any day and specify the remaining two hours as the intervals for rest. A working day of 12 hours is thus made up of hours of work and hours of rest. These periods of rest must not be periods during which the workman is on duty and inaction is due to want of work for him, but they must be pre determined periods of inaction during which he is not called upon nor expected to display physical activity or sustained attention. This determines what It will be noticed that the scheme of the compels the inclusion of an hour of rest in a normal working day. This is achieved by pres cribing that the hours of work in a six day week shall not exceed 48, although on any particular day the hours in a day may go up to 9. What has not been done by the Act or the Rules is to specify that the interval for rest shall break up