P. Appeal No. 307 of 1957. Appeal from the judgment and decree dated July 27, 1959 of the Allahabad High Court in Income tax Reference No. 68 of 1964. The Judgment of the Court was delivered by Sikri, J. Gupte, Solicitor General, R. Ganapathy Iyer and R. Sachthey, for the appellant. The question referred by the Appellate Tribunal is: "Whether on a true interpretation of clause (viii) of subsection 3 of section 4 of the indian Income tax Act the sum of Rs. 36,396/ received by the assessee as an allowance during the previous year of the assessment year 1949 50 is revenue income liable to tax under the Indian Income tax act, 1922?" The relevant facts stated in the Statement of the case are as follows: The assessee is a Hindu undivided family headed by one Sri Trivikram Narain Singh who is a descendant of one Sri Babu Ausan Singh who The Privy Council, in Commissioner of Income tax Bihar and vs Raja Bahadur Kamakhaya Narayan Singh and construed the word 'derived ' as :follows: "The word "derived" is not a term of article Its use in the definition indeed demands an enquiry into the genealogy of the product. But the enquiry should stop as soon as the effective source is discovered. And rent is not land within the meaning of the definition." This Court observed in Mrs. Bacha F. Guzdar, Bombay Commissioner of income tax, Bombay(4) as follow: "Agricultural income as in the Act is intended to refer to the revenue received by the land which is used for agricultural purposes and is either assessed to land revenue in British India or subject to a local rate assessed and collected by officers of the Crown as such: . " In Maharajkumar Gopal Saran Narain Singh vs Commissioner of Income tax, Bihar and Orissa( then the income cannot be held to be derived from land within the meaning of the definition in section 2(1)(a) of the Act. Mr. Sastri sought to distinguish those cases on the ground that the allowance here varied from year to year. He says that we must consider the quality of the income and not its periodicity. This is true, but in this case no material has been produced to show that the arrangement was in fact a payment in instalments of the value of the disputed title of the assessee 's predecessor in 1837. It seems to us that where an owner of an estate exchanges a capital asset for a perpetual annuity, it is ordinarily taxable income in his hands. The position will be different