Officers was posted as superintendent and legal remembrancer in March 1962 Shri K.K. Bose, addl. district and sessions judge was posted in the law department in the same month. He worked in that capacity till February 1965. Thereafter, Shri B.N. Patro one of the district and Sessions. judges, was posted on 31 1 March 1965. (1) ; 157 Shri J.C. Bindra, G.M. Daphtary, Attorney General, N.S. Rath and R.J. Sachthey, for the appellant (in all the appeals). Sarjoo Prasad and S.Krishnan, for respondents Nos. 5 to 7 (in C.As. Nos. 625 and 629 of 1967) and respondents Nos Nos. 8, 23, 8 ' and 5 ( in C.A. No. 627 of 1967). 156 The Judgment of the Court was delivered by Hegde, J.M., R.N K.C. Panda who was attached to the commission of enquiry in connection with students ' (1) ; 158 agitation, as law secretary to the government of Orissa, (b) Shri B.K. Patro, the then law secretary as district and sessions judge of Ganjam Boudh, (c) Y. K. Misra and Shri P.B. Dey, district and Sessions judge, Mayurbhanj Keonjhar, as superintendent and legal remembrance and ex officio additional law secretary and member sales tax tribunal, respectively, on and after October 10, 1966, and (2) Sh. B. Bose, the Chief Secretary to the Government of Orisha, as the law secretary, the Home Secretary to Orissa and the Secretary of the State of the Orissa. The government as well as the concerned officers in the returns made by them justified the action taken by the government. Soon after that decision was rendered and without any further dialogue with government in the ' light of that decision, the High Court took the precipitate step of (1) ; (2) ; 161 namely, whether the power to transfer District Judges is included in the 'control ' exercisable by the High Court over District Courts under article 235, or in the power of 'appointment of persons to be and the posting and promotion, of district judges ' which is to be exercised by the Governor under article 233, albeit in consultation with the high court. In the course of that judgment, this Court observed (at page 459 of the report): "The question we have posed resolves itself into a question of a very different but somewhat limited form. The right approach is, therefore, to enquire what is meant by 'posting ' and whether the term does not mean the initial posting of a District Judge on appointment or promotion to a vacancy in the cadre, permanent or temporary. If the sense of the matter be the former, then the high Court and if the latter, the Governor, would possess that 'power. then the transfer of District Judges already appointed or promoted and posted in the Cadre must necessarily be outside the a cadre consisting essentially ,of officers under the direct control of the High Court. The question of law considered in that decision was as regards the scope of the expression "control over district court" in article 235. It was in that context this Court spoke of the cadre. The cadre with which we are concerned in this case consists of three parts i.e., (1) presiding officers of district courts, (2) the Registrar of the high Court and (3) the judicial officers working in the secretariat. No doubt all these officers belong to the judicial service of the State and they were before 1962 presiding over district courts or courts subordinate to them and as such were under the control of a High Court, but they were no longer under its control in 1962. It must be presumed that they were taken over by the government with the consent of the government. Hence the reference by this Court not only to the service of judicial officers in the State but also to the way in which they were transferred to administrative posts in the state secretariat is a reference to C. Appeals allowed in part. Though we hold that the orders of the High Court posting Shri B.K. Panda as law secretary, Shri T.S. Bose and Shri P.