" On January 26, 1963, a public notice was issued under r. 3(b) of the Maharashtra Village Panchayats Taxes and Fees Rules, 1960 hereinafter referred to as the Fees Rules. The meeting considered the question of imposition of octroi duty. In order to appreciate the points raised before us it is necessary to give the relevant facts and statutory provisions. Section A. Nerkar, for respondent No. 1. section K. N. Sachthey, section P. L. Dhebar, and section A. M. Mathur, for respondents No. 2. section Bobde, G. B. Agarwala and section B. K. Nayar for R. H. Sastri, R. A. 6. The learned counsel for the appellant contends before us (1) that r. 5 of the Fees Rules was intraviress (2) that the Standing Committee had no jurisdiction to decide the appeal on merits as the appeal to the Panchayat Samiti was barred by limitation; (3) that, at any rate, the levy was good after the octroi limits were fixed on January 14, 1964; (4) that there was no reason to believe that the tea was imported into the village limits for consumption, use or sale on or before the date specified in the notice, published under clause (b). (d) On or after the date of publication of the notice to be in the office of the " Rules 30, 31, 32 and 33 deal with refund of octroi. The scheme of the Fees Rules accordingly seems to be that the general procedure for levying taxes or fees is laid down and then this procedure is made applicable to the levy of various taxes mentioned in the other parts of the Rules. Rule 7 which deals with tax on buildings and lands also prescribes that the panchayat shall follow the procedure prescribed in rr.3 and 4 before levying a tax on building and lands. Rule 71 which dealswith tax on professions also contains a reference to rrr. 3 and 4 appli cable. Similarly, r.3(b) does not require the Panchayat to pass a resolution on the subject of tax or fee. Rule 3(c) has to be similarly read. 124(5) of the Panchayat Act, the fixing of the commencement of the period of limitation as the date of publication of the notice under r.5 is read in the setting in which it occurs. This date shows that r. 5 is dealing only with appeals against levy of any tax and not with the assessment or imposition of a tax or any other matter. Rule 5 follows imme diately rr.3 and 4 and is headed "Appeal against levy in the form of tax or fee". The notice under Rule 5 is published in accordance with the Rules under section 124(5). It is true