. Appeals, Nos. 95 December 20, 1963. Appeals by special leave from the judgment and order dated May 2, 1960 of the Kerala High Court in Income tax case No. 275 276 of 1963. These two appeals arise out of assessments of the appellant to income tax for the years 1948 49 and 1949 50. The appellant claimed relief under section 25(4) contending that it had transferred its business to a limited company with effect either from November 13. 1947 or February 13, 1948, by an instrument executed on February 7, 1948. The claim was rejected 6. We now proceed to set out the facts of the case in a chronological order. It appears that a firm bearing the same name as that of the appellant, that is, Sait (or Shah) Nagjee Purshotham and Company was started in 1902 and was reconstituted by an agreement of partnership dated December 6, 1918. On the last mentioned date it carried on business in piece goods, yarn, and other articles at Calicut with branches in Madras and Bombay. It also subsequently started a business of manufacture and sale of umbrellas but the precise date of This agreement of Partnershipbetween (1)Nagjee. (2) Narayanjee(3) Maneklal and (4) Hemchand(hereinafter called the partners) witnesseth asfollows: Whereas Partners 1 to 4 have been carrying on a business as partners from the beginning of Samvat 1994 (=October November 1937) in the business of the manufacture and sale of Soaps under the name of 'The Vegetable Soap Works ' Proprietor Sait Nagjee Purushotham & Co., and in the manufacture 1 of annexure C I and contended that itprovided for the continuance of the old firm, that is, thefirm constituted by the instrument of December 6, 1918 and hence no new firm had been created. We think that this contention is without foundation. Clause 1 says that "The Firm shall continue to be of old". The word "old" refers to the partnership orally brought into existence in October/November 1937 to which reference is made in the first recital and to put down the terms of which in writing, annexure c I was executed. There is no mention of the firm which was constituted by annex " Now when the business on which tax was charged under the Act of 1918 which, it is not disputed, happened in this case was discontinued in 1937 it could not have been carried on April 1, 1939. What was then carried on must have been some other business. Annamalai Chettiar vs Commissioner of Income tax, Madras(1) where it was held that when a business carried on in one unit is disintegrated and divided into parts, the parts are not the whole even though all the parts taken together constitute the whole. That was a case of a joint family business which " The terms relevant to our purpose were: 1. Sometime in the year 1932 or thereabout, the firm had started the manufacture and sale of soaps under the name of "The Vegetable Soap Works" Proprietors Sait Nagjee Purushotham & Co. Soap and Umbrella Merchants. In the deed of 1918, it was stated that this firm carried on business in Calicut, having branches at Madras and Bombay. In 1937, one Hemchand a stranger to the family was admitted as a new partner, and on May 30, 1939, two 110 " 2. The question in this case is whether the appellate firm was entitled to the benefits of section 25 (4) of the Income tax Act, and if so, to what extent. The answer to the question depends on (a) whether the business on which tax was paid under the provisions of the Indian Income tax act, 1918 had discontinued at any time before 1948 or (b) whether there was a succession by another person for the person who was carrying on business on April 1, 1939. ' Both deeds provided again that the partnerships would not be dissolved by the death or " Sub section (4) "Where the person who was at the commencement of the Indian Income tax(Amendment) Act, 1939 (VII of 1939), carrying on any business, profession or vocation on which tax was at any time charged under the provisions of the IIT Act, 1918, is succeeded in such capacity by another person, the change not being merely a change in the constitution of a partnership, no tax shall be payable by the 116 first mentioned person in respect of the income, profits and gains of the period between the end of the previous year and the date of such succession, and such Discontinuance of business is not a mere change in the constitution of the partnership without there being a succession. Section 25 provides for discontinu ance of business. A firm discontinuing its business may be assessed in the manner provided by section 25 (1) in the year of account in which it discontinues its business; it may also be assessed under section 26 (2) of the Income tax Act. In either case it is the assessment of the income of the firm. Section 26 recognises the existence of a firm as an asses sable unit and discontinuance. It is only this one entity to which the provisions of section 25 must be applied and in respect of which it must be considered whether there was a discontinuance or a succession at an earlier period. Section 25 (3) and (4) do not apply where the business was not in existence before the Act of 1922 came into force. A clear authority for this proposition is to be found in the decision of the Bombay High Court in Ambalal Himatlal vs Commissioner of Income tax and Excess Profits Tax, Bombay North(1). In that case This court held that sub section(4) of section 25 could not be applied to the case of Figgies 's case. This court observed: "The section does not regard a mere change in the personnel of the partners as amounting to succession and disregards such a change. This Court also pointed out that the position is a little different under the Income tax Act where a firm is charged as an assessable entity distinct from its partners who can also be assessed individually. In other words, though a firm was to be regarded as an entity for the purpose of the Income 38. Says the learned Chief ' Justice in the former case: "It is open to us not merely to look at the documents themselves, but also to consider the surrounding circumstances so as to arrive at a conclusion as, to what was the real nature of the transaction from the point of view of two businessmen who were carrying out this transaction. " ' Judged from this standpoint, the entry of Hemchand was not a dissolution of the firm of Sait Nagjee Purushotham and Co. No doubt he was described as a working partner, but this, term did not mean much. He (1), there is nothing in law to preclude common partners constituting two entirely separate firms in respect of different businesses carried on by them for the purpose of