Appeal No. 421 The authority has found that section 2(vi) includes wages prescribed by the Industrial Tribunal, and so, it has rejected the appellants ' contention that the applications made by the respondents were incompetent under section 15 of the Act. On that view, the writ petition filed by the appellant was dismissed. In regard to the question of 'limitation, the authority did not decide the said question as a preliminary question, because it held, and, in our opinion, rightly, that it was a mixed question of fact and law, and that, it had to be tried after recording evidence. It is this order which the appellant seeks to challenge before us by its present appeal by special leave. The appellant challenged the correctness of the conclusion of the authority that the decisions of the tribunal were inapplicable to the case before the Patna High Court by filing a petition under article 226 of the Constitution. The respondent did not appear. Appeal No. 251 of 1963. March 24, 1964. The short question which arises in this appeal is whether the term "wages" in the Act, as defined by section 2 of the (No. 4 of 1936) (hereinafter called 'the Act ') including wages fixed by an award in an industrial dispute between the employer and his employees. This question has to be answered in view of the judgment and order dated March 20, 1957, of the Bihar High Court in Civil Revision No. 40 of 1956. The judgment was delivered by Justice R. C. Setalvad, and R C. 15. The true legal position is that when industrial disputes are decided by industrial adjudication and awards are made, the said awards supplant contractual terms in respect of matters covered by them and are substituted for them. This question appears to have been considered by the Bombay and the Calcutta High Courts. In Jogendra Nath (1) A.I. Godse, Manager, Prabha Mills Ltd., vs R. R. Naick, Inspector, under the Payment of Wages Act(3), the Bombay High Court has interpreted section 2(vi) to include wages prescribed by the award and not as wages directed to be paid by the parties under the provisions of section 23(1)(b) of the Act, and has held that the wages prescribed in the award cannot be treated as wages under the Act before it was amended. In